the toyota starlet one of the automotive icons of the seventies and
eighty in our country and that little by little has demanded it may not be less
common in the streets but that now gathers a group of lovers in this way
david that one of the coordinators and he will fall to explain
how it was that the idea of ​​this club was born
Don Alvaro said good night and thank you very much for joining us out
Y
in that meeting
percent our before or you're right
other colleagues started
put it together
the law people a little
when meeting dt the club did not occur did not work
then it was falling
by blind hour
a couple of years ago it was a destruction transvestite
and good this
Nowadays, we are already conformed as I believe that independent as well as
the other car clubs
i luckily this
this nun, board of directors of that club and independent
in weight exactly makes for audio from the previous year
we started with what was the board of directors we started meeting here
standing out the group the group that already existed but was we were very dispersed
the other is in person
alarm and good to date we are here
we already have close to them 45 active members come to meetings
walks and activities this
for social good they are also made
and obviously activities of
the sport so to speak percent that the guasimal interclubes pieces of
those things
what do you think are the benefits for a person who does not belong to the
club
who has a toyota starlet and who would like in zara state spent
It's good as I tell every new world that reaches every customer more than everything
at the job when it comes they begin to post what I do to get to a
meeting that
that as I integrate simply and simply there what I put them
Estevez
and know the people and we arrived the Canadian entity that in the mind
complements a lot here I try to talk to everyone have a relationship with
all for what
there is nothing just for revered full caroní for venera having someone
to come to wish we looked at her and she were not I have to talk to him the
back we had a great time in fact here there are many people who come back
got these people came to do because let's say cc feel
also in the activity that
It stands out that Greece comes from Cartago Aetic in the place it is quite
distant that not only here metropolitan area
then of weeks of izq the atmosphere that is lived in more and more
how has it been the experience of belonging and not yet
apart from just the brand and only the model
good for me personally has been a very small before because let's say in the
we started 3
three people then little by little we have integrated our first
experience was to grant
the east b had several members with people
Carlos things maybe and they joined us and then the family group because
oak bushel
the primary idea of ​​re-forming a family the family is ready and
other tasks we do not do with any
no intention of colomi head before any kind do not charge admission no
we charge nothing
everything we do here is the will of another is non-profit
I understand that you are previously part of another group but that
now
we are a club as it was that change
good that change was
pretty good actually
now as an independent club, more people are grouped
say it twice or triple the people who were before
percent citi
it has grown a lot has had many selection processes
the young jack a
it's about highlighting the toyota starlet feast of faith coors field
sweetheart they have all
by the flop let's say the icon that is the broth
but good gral has also been achieved
make as a friendship among all the members that make it the idea
one of the fundamental ideas
you of both efe charge some forced save what was your hobby at the time
that someone entered the club efe
the other four laporta
6%
two thousand colones is charged
monthly
i by the way it is used
for
Finnish
obviously he
the club itself herald that is maintenance or the town knows
It also keeps the geos elaboration of the decals for
distinguish the vehicles that does not come out to each member
that sometimes we do some extra activity out there
then they are taken from those funds is also something very voluntarist i
you'll see that we've done quite well with that
for a person who is currently watching the program and who wants
contact the club because you must do
it's good
always in us almost all we discard a decal that is
established that being dot
that's the job before this this
josean dates
there are the telephones of the subsidiaries of a
a first contact
seven unions by the way is that shortly after just visiting the page is
more than enough
there he realizes all the kind of information he needs
dates question
if you have a pilot star trek
we recommend you join this club
it's really a group where camaraderie is breathed
and information about meetings and activities is on his website
we see next week as trophies of costa rica